Please introduce yourself.
My name is Ashmit Kumar Sahha. I am eight years old. I live in Cardiff and my mother tongue is Bengali.
Excellent. So Ashmit, what do you know about the story of Madhurga?
Once upon a time there was a wicked demon called Mohit Shashod.
He wanted to be immortal and very powerful.
So he did penance to please Lord Tromba, who is the creator of the universe.
Lord Tromba appeared in front of Mohit Shashod and offered him a boon.
Mohit Shashod asked if he could be immortal and very powerful.
Lord Tromba disagreed to this and said that he could not make anybody immortal.
Then Mohit Shashod asked if it would be possible if only a woman would be able to kill him and not any male person.
Lord Tromba agreed to this and gave him the boon.
After this Mohit Shashod got really happy and thought that he would be invincible now and started destroying everything and being very cruel.
He started chasing all the gods away and challenging all bad things.
The gods escaped to Lord Shiv in the mountains of the Himalayas.
Lord Shiv heard about all this and got very angry at Mohit Shashod.
So Lord Shiv made a woman figure with his powers.
All the gods gave her all their powers and lots of weapons.
This woman was named Durga.
After this Durga went into a battle with Mohit Shashod.
During the battle Mohit Shashod changed his form into lots of other animals.
First he changed his form into an elephant.
After this Durga changed his form into an elephant.
At the last of all he turned himself into a buffalo and Madhurga stabbed a trident into the buffalo's chest and killed him.
After this it was a very happy place to live on.
That is a fascinating story. Thank you for telling us that.
What do you think we celebrate during Durga Puja?
We celebrate the victory of good over evil.
During Durga Puja?
During Durga Puja.
In terms of how we celebrate Durga Puja in Wales, how long have you been going to the Durga Puja in Wales?
As I said earlier I am eight years old.
When I was one or two years old for the first Durga Puja I went to, I went to the Kolkata Durga Puja.
The other seven years I have seen Durga Puja in the Wales Puja Committee.
Very nice. So I imagine you enjoy the Durga Puja here very much?
Oh yes, I love it.
So what things do you like or enjoy most during the Durga Puja?
I love meeting everyone. I like playing with my friends. I love the food.
I think Durga Puja is a very happy time to meet everyone and celebrate together because it is a very happy festival for us.
Do you do any performances on stage during Durga Puja?
Yes, we do singing, dancing and sometimes grown-ups do funny plays in Hindi or Bengali.
Very nice. And do you enjoy performing on stage with your friends?
Yes.
Do you love it?
Very nice. What about clothes? Do you wear new clothes during Durga Puja?
Yes, almost every day.
Every day. What type of new clothes do you wear most of the day?
We wear our Indian traditional clothes which is called a bhajama and bhajabi.
And we have traditional shoes called nagra which normally kings and princes wear.
Very nice. So you wear nagras as well? Sometimes.
I used to wear when I was small but now they have become quite small so I need to buy a few new ones.
You need to get a few new pairs. Excellent.
So, you know the images of Goddess Durga and her children, are they beautiful?
Yes, they are very beautiful.
Do you know how they are made at all?
Yes, first they are sculpted with clay and then they are decorated and painted with lots of different colours and nice patterns.
And sometimes even jewellery is put on them.
Excellent. Would you like to see some images being made in Cardiff by the special artists who make them in Kolkata in India?
Yes, I would really love to.
Do you like art? Yes.
So would you like to be able to learn how to make images out of clay?
Yes.
So if you see the artists who come to Cardiff, you can learn that, won't you?
Would you spend a lot of time looking at how they make things?
Yes.
Very nice. Very nice.
Okay, that's a brilliant interview. Thank you very much for your time. We very much appreciate it.
No problem.